Update User Guide and PPP (#32)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `add i/A0123456Z n/john m/CS2103T p/98765432 t/@john e/E0123456Z`
    * A student named John is added to TAPA.

### Deleting a student: `delete`

Deletes a student from TAPA.

Format: `delete STUDENT_INDEX`

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps we can include details about invalid index? (like maybe we can mention that the specified index must be less than or equals to the number of entries in TAPA)

> * The student whose index in the address book is specified after the `delete` command will be removed from the address book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The student corresponding to the index (specified after the `delete` command) will be removed from TAPA.
```
Just a suggestion since it feels a little weird to repeat address book (or TAPA) twice in a single sentence.

Example:
* `delete 10`
    * A student named John (whose list index is “10”) is deleted from TAPA.

### Finding a student: `find`

Allows the user to look up the details of a particular student.

> Format: `find n/[NAME] (or) find i/[STUDENT_ID]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format: `find n/STUDENT_NAME` (or) `find i/STUDENT_ID`
```

> * The student whose name or student id is specified after the `find` command will appear in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The student whose name or student id is specified after the `find` command will appear in the resulting list.
```
Might be good if we make the list part abit clearer?

Action      | Format, Examples
------------|------------------
**Add**     | `add i/MATRICULATION_NO n/STUDENT_NAME m/MODULE_CODE [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [t/TELEGRAM_HANDLE] [e/EMAIL_ADDRESS] ` <br> e.g., `add i/A0123456Z n/john m/CS2103T p/98765432 t/@john e/E0123456Z`
**Delete**    | `delete STUDENT_INDEX` <br> e.g., `delete 10`

> **Find**    | `find n/NAME` (or) `find i/STUDENT_ID` <br> e.g., `find n/john`, `find i/A0123456Z`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Find**    | `find n/STUDENT_NAME` (or) `find i/STUDENT_ID` <br> e.g., `find n/john`, `find i/A0123456Z`
```
